docs/Ledger-Developer-Notes.md, before:

## Notes

Highly recomended to setup the Speculos emulator. Installing Ledger Blue is optional, and recomend holding off on the Ledger Blue tools untill you need them. 

### Setup
   - Follow instructions in [README](../README.md) to build & compile 
   - Setup the [Speculor Emulator](./speculos-emulator-setup.md)
   - Optionally setup [Ledger Blue](./ledger-blue-setup.md) command line tools 
   
## Testing
   - Instructions on [Running Tests](./running-test.md)
   - LedgerHQ notes on [Testing with Ragger](../tests/functional/usage.md)

### Creating a New App
   - [General Process](https://developers.ledger.com/docs/coin/general-process/)
   - [Start Here](https://developers.ledger.com/docs/nano-app/start-here/)
   
### Developer Notes 
   - [Side Loading Apps](https://developers.ledger.com/docs/nano-app/load/)
   - [Ragger Documentation](https://ledgerhq.github.io/ragger/)


### Ledger Emmulator
   - [Speculos Overview](https://developers.ledger.com/docs/speculos/introduction/)
   - [Usage](https://developers.ledger.com/docs/speculos/user/usage/)
   - [Linux](https://developers.ledger.com/docs/speculos/installation/build/)

Commit message:

fixed docs to align with ledger
- updated links to match updated portal docs
- updated Ragger params for version 1.2
- removed ledgerblue docs they were redundant with ledgerHQ docs
- removing ledgerblue also removed back sideload example
- fixed broken links

docs/Ledger-Developer-Notes.md, after:

## Notes

Setting up the Speculos emulator and Ragger test utility is highly recommended.

### Setup
   - Follow instructions in [README](../README.md) to build & compile
   - Setup the [Speculor Emulator](./speculos-emulator-setup.md)
   - Optionally setup [Ledger Blue](./ledger-blue-setup.md) command line tools

## Testing
   - Instructions on [Running Tests](./running-tests.md)
   - LedgerHQ notes on [Testing with Ragger](../tests/functional/usage.md)

### Creating a New App
   - [General Process](https://developers.ledger.com/docs/coin/general-process/)
   - [Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

### Developer Notes
   - Side Loading Apps
      - [Linux](https://developers.ledger.com/docs/embedded-app/load-linux/)
      - [Mac OSx](https://developers.ledger.com/docs/embedded-app/load-mac/)
   - [Ragger Documentation](https://ledgerhq.github.io/ragger/)


### Ledger Emmulator
   - [Speculos Overview](https://developers.ledger.com/docs/speculos/introduction/)
   - [Usage](https://developers.ledger.com/docs/speculos/user/usage/)
   - [Linux](https://developers.ledger.com/docs/speculos/installation/build/)
